name:Axolotl
url:Axolotl.png
desc:An axolotl is a passive aquatic mob that attacks most other underwater mobs.
name:Bear
url:Bear.png
desc:Polar bears are neutral mobs that live in icy biomes.
name:Bee
url:Bee.png
desc:Bees are flying neutral mobs that live in bee nests and beehives. If provoked, bees attack in a swarm to "sting" the player and inflict poison.
name:Blaze
url:Blaze.png
desc:Blazes are floating hostile mobs found in nether fortresses, and are the only source of blaze rods.
name:Brute
url:Brute.png
desc:A piglin brute is a hostile and stronger variant of piglins that appears in all types of bastion remnants. They always attack the player.
name:Cat
url:Cat.png
desc:Cats are tameable passive mobs that are found in villages and swamp huts.
name:Chicken
url:Chicken.png
desc:Chickens are common passive mobs found in most grassy biomes, and are the main source of chicken, feathers and eggs.
name:Cow
url:Cow.png
desc:A cow is a common passive mob and a source of leather, beef and milk. Cows are found in most grassy biomes.
name:Creeper
url:Creeper.png
desc:A creeper is a common hostile mob that silently approaches players and explodes
name:Dolphin
url:Dolphin.png
desc:Dolphins are neutral mobs that live in non-frozen oceans, which grant a speed boost to players that swim near them.
name:Drowned
url:Drowned.png
desc:Drowned are common underwater zombie variants that spawn in oceans and rivers, or when zombies drown. They are the only source of tridents.
name:Enderman
url:Enderman.png
desc:An enderman is a neutral mob found in all three dimensions. Endermen can teleport and pick up blocks.
name:Evoker
url:Evoker.png
desc:An evoker is a spell-casting illager found in woodland mansions and raids, and is the only source of the totem of undying.
name:Fox
url:Fox.png
desc:Foxes are nocturnal passive mobs that spawn commonly in taiga, giant tree taiga, and snowy taiga biomes. A fox can carry a single item in its mouth.
name:Ghast
url:Ghast.png
desc:Ghasts are large white floating ghost-like hostile mobs that live in the Nether which shoot explosive fireballs at the player.
name:Goat
url:Goat.png
desc:A goat is a neutral mob found in mountains biomes. Goats perform high jumps and are a source of milk and goat horns.
name:Iron Golem
url:Golem.png
desc:An iron golem is a large strong neutral utility mob that defends players and villagers. It is one of the few mobs that can be built then spawned in the game.
name:Hoglin
url:Hoglin.png
desc:A hoglin is a breedable hostile mob found in the Nether, and are a source of porkchops and leather.
name:Horse
url:Horse.png
desc:Horses are passive mobs that can be ridden when tamed.
name:Llama
url:Llama.png
desc:Llamas are neutral mobs found in the mountains, savanna plateau, and savanna biomes that can be tamed and used to transport large shipments of items.
name:Magma Cube
url:Magma.png
desc:A magma cube is a hostile mob found in the Nether. A magma cube behaves like a slime, but is stronger and more dangerous.
name:Panda
url:Panda.png
desc:A panda is a rare neutral mob that resides in jungles. Certain aspects of a panda's behavior and appearance vary depending on its personality.
name:Parrot
url:Parrot.png
desc:Parrots are rare tameable mobs found in jungles. Parrots can imitate sounds of nearby hostile mobs and can perch on the player's shoulders.
name:Phantom
url:Phantom.png
desc:Phantoms are flying undead hostile mobs that spawn when the player has not slept or died for three or more in-game days.
name:Pig
url:Pig.png
desc:A pig is a common passive mob found in most grassy biomes. Pigs are a source of porkchops and can be equipped with a saddle to be driven.
name:Piglin
url:Piglin.png
desc:A piglin is a neutral mob found in the Nether. They attack players on sight unless the player is equipped with at least one piece of golden armor
name:Pillager
url:Pillager.png
desc:Pillagers are illagers armed with crossbows that patrol the Overworld, guard their outposts, and participate in raids, sometimes spawning on ravagers in later waves of a raid
name:Rabbit
url:Rabbit.png
desc:A rabbit is an uncommon passive mob and is a source of rabbit's foot, rabbit hide and raw rabbit.
name:Ravager
url:Ravager.png
desc:Ravagers are large hostile mobs that spawn in raids and attack players, villagers, baby villagers, wandering traders, and iron golems.
name:Sheep
url:Sheep.png
desc:Sheep are common passive mobs that supply wool and mutton and are found in many of the grassy biomes.
name:Shulker
url:Shulker.png
desc:Shulkers are box-shaped hostile mobs found in end cities. They hide in their shell to blend in with surrounding purpur blocks and guard the city's various treasures.
name:SilverFish
url:Silver.png
desc:Silverfish are small hostile mobs found hiding in stone-like blocks in mountains, strongholds, igloo basements and woodland mansions.
name:Skeleton
url:Skeleton.png
desc:Skeletons are common undead hostile mobs equipped with bows.
name:Slime
url:Slime.png
desc:Slimes are bouncy, cube-shaped hostile mobs that spawn deep underground in particular chunks, or at night in swamp biomes.
name:Spider
url:Spider.png
desc:A spider is a common neutral mob that has the unique ability to climb walls.
name:Squid
url:Squid.png
desc:Squid are common passive aquatic mobs that spawn in rivers and oceans.
name:Strider
url:Strider.png
desc:Striders are passive mobs native to the Nether. They can walk/stride on lava and be saddled by the player.
name:Turtle
url:Turtle.png
desc:A turtle is a common passive mob found in beach biomes.
name:Villager
url:Villager.png
desc:Villagers are passive mobs that inhabit villages, work at their professions, breed, and interact. Their outfit varies according to their occupation and biome.
name:Vindicator
url:Vindicator.png
desc:A vindicator is an illager equipped with an iron axe. Vindicators appear in woodland mansions and participate in raids, as well as pillager patrols
name:Witch
url:Witch.png
desc:A witch is an uncommon hostile mob that uses harmful splash potions as ranged weapons and beneficial positive potions on itself.
name:Wither_Skeleton
url:Wither.png
desc:Wither skeletons are tall variants of skeletons equipped with stone swords found in nether fortresses, which inflict the fatal Wither effect.
name:Wolf
url:Wolf.png
desc:Wolves are neutral mobs that can be tamed.
name:Zombie
url:Zombie.png
desc:Zombies are common undead hostile mobs that deal melee damage and attack in groups.
name:Zombified Piglin
url:Zpig.png
desc:Zombified piglins are undead variants of piglins and piglin brutes that inhabit the Nether. A zombified piglin becomes hostile when it or another nearby zombified piglin is attacked.
